[BE-2990]: Marathon Cloud docs added (#387)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/integrations/common-workflow-steps/marathon-cloud.md

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE2990-marathonInput.png' />

:::warning
**Do not hard-code sensitive variables, such as tokens and API keys, directly to the parameters in the step.**

We recommend using [**Environment Variables**](https://docs.appcircle.io/environment-variables/) groups for such sensitive variables.
:::

| Variable Name                            | Description                         | Status           |
|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `$AC_MARATHON_API_KEY`        | Marathon Cloud API key. To get API key, please follow the Marathon Cloud [**documentations**](https://docs.marathonlabs.io/?_gl=1*fsz3tj*_ga*MTYyMzE3NDMwOC4xNzA2Njk3MzA5*_ga_7RE7PPY2QW*MTcxMTAwMzEyNC4yNS4xLjE3MTEwMDU5ODYuMjQuMC4w*_gcl_au*MjA1NTI4NzUyNC4xNzA2Njk3MzUw#api-key). | Required |
| `$AC_MARATHON_TEST_NAME`      | This name will be shown on the Marathon Cloud dashboard test run list. | Required |
| `$AC_MARATHON_APP_PATH`       | This path will be generated by relevant testing step(`Android Build for UI Testing` or `Xcodebuild for Testing`). | Required |

> | `$AC_MARATHON_UITEST_RUNNER_APP_PATH` | This path will be generated by relevant testing step(`Android Build for UI Testing` or `Xcodebuild for Testing`). | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$AC_MARATHON_UITEST_RUNNER_APP_PATH` | Specifies the path to the test application binary. This application is generated by the corresponding testing step (**Android Build for UI Testing** or **Xcodebuild for Testing**). The default value is `AC_TEST_APK_PATH ` for Android or `AC_UITESTS_RUNNER_PATH` for iOS. | Required |
```

> | `$AC_OUTPUT_DIR`              | Specifies the path for Marathon Cloud outputs. | Required |

Reviewer: Could you please specify that this will be automatically identified? so the user does not have to search for this value.

> ---
> title: Marathon Cloud 
> metaTitle: Marathon Cloud
> metaDescription: Marathon Cloud
> sidebar_position: 1
> ---
> 

Reviewer 2: You should change this section based on latest documentation best practices eg: 

```suggestion
---
- **title**: The title of the document.
- **description**: his is critical for SEO. Keep it under 160 characters to ensure full visibility in search engine results.
- **tags**: Include relevant tags that describe the document's content. This helps in categorizing the documentation.
sidebar_position: 1
---

```
